Added preClose hook (#4697)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Hooks.md

### onClose
<a id="on-close"></a>

> Triggered when `fastify.close()` is invoked to stop the server, after all in-flight
> HTTP requests has been completed.
> It is useful when [plugins](./Plugins.md) need a "shutdown" event, for example,
> to close an open connection to a database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triggered when `fastify.close()` is invoked to stop the server, after all in-flight
HTTP requests have been completed.
It is useful when [plugins](./Plugins.md) need a "shutdown" event, for example,
to close an open connection to a database.
```

})
```

### preClose
<a id="pre-close"></a>

Triggered when `fastify.close()` is invoked to stop the server, before all in-flight
HTTP requests has been completed.
It is useful when [plugins](./Plugins.md) has set up some state attached
to the HTTP server that would prevent the server to close.

> _It is unlilely you would need to use this hook_,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_It is unlikely you will need to use this hook_,
```
